© 2016 Microsoft Corporation.
As of October 24, 2016, the following persons or entities have made this Specification available under the Open Web Foundation Final Specification Agreement (OWFa 1.0), which is available at http://www.openwebfoundation.org/legal/the-owf-1-0-agreements/owfa-1-0
Microsoft Corporation. 
You can review the signed copies of the Open Web Foundation Agreement Version 1.0 for this Specification at http://opencompute.org/licensing/, which may also include additional parties to those listed above.
Your use of this Specification may be subject to other third party rights. THIS SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS." The contributors expressly disclaim any warranties (express, implied, or otherwise), including implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose, or title, related to the Specification. The entire risk as to implementing or otherwise using the Specification is assumed by the Specification implementer and user. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY FORM OF INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SPECIFICATION OR ITS GOVERNING AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
CONTRIBUTORS AND LICENSORS OF THIS SPECIFICATION MAY HAVE MENTIONED CERTAIN TECHNOLOGIES THAT ARE MERELY REFERENCED WITHIN THIS SPECIFICATION AND NOT LICENSED UNDER THE OWF CLA OR OWFa. THE FOLLOWING IS A LIST OF MERELY REFERENCED TECHNOLOGY: INTELLIGENT PLATFORM MANAGEMENT INTERFACE (IPMI), I2C TRADEMARK OF PHILLIPS SEMICONDUCTOR. IMPLEMENTATION OF THESE TECHNOLOGIES MAY BE SUBJECT TO THEIR OWN LEGAL TERMS.
